DOCS: Shoutrrr added list of notification services (#3242)
StackExchange/dnscontrol: documentation/notifications.md

# Notifications

> DNSControl includes built-in support for notifications, enabling you to post messages in team chats or send emails whenever DNS changes occur, with the functionality implemented in the [notifications package](https://github.com/StackExchange/dnscontrol/tree/main/pkg/notifications).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DNSControl's "notifications" feature will log `push` changes to other services in real time. Typically this is used to automatically announce DNS changes in a team chatroom.  The functionality is implemented using the open source [Shoutrrr](https://github.com/containrrr/shoutrrr) library, which knows how to communicate to many different systems.  Some additional services are provided natively, see the [notifications package](https://github.com/StackExchange/dnscontrol/tree/main/pkg/notifications).
```

## Configuration

> Notifications are set up in your credentials JSON file. They will use the `notifications` key to look for keys or configuration needed for various notification services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notifications are configured in the `creds.json` file, since they often contain API keys or other secrets. The `notifications` key lists the notification service and options.
```

* [Discord](https://containrrr.dev/shoutrrr/latest/services/discord/)
* [Email](https://containrrr.dev/shoutrrr/latest/services/email/)
* [Google Chat](https://containrrr.dev/shoutrrr/latest/services/googlechat/)
* [Gotify](https://containrrr.dev/shoutrrr/latest/services/gotify/)
* [IFTTT](https://containrrr.dev/shoutrrr/latest/services/ifttt/)
* [Join](https://containrrr.dev/shoutrrr/latest/services/join/)
* [Matrix](https://containrrr.dev/shoutrrr/latest/services/matrix/)
* [Mattermost](https://containrrr.dev/shoutrrr/latest/services/mattermost/)
* [Ntfy](https://containrrr.dev/shoutrrr/latest/services/ntfy/)
* [OpsGenie](https://containrrr.dev/shoutrrr/latest/services/opsgenie/)
* [Pushbullet](https://containrrr.dev/shoutrrr/latest/services/pushbullet/)
* [Pushover](https://containrrr.dev/shoutrrr/latest/services/pushover/)
* [Rocketchat](https://containrrr.dev/shoutrrr/latest/services/rocketchat/)
* [Slack](https://containrrr.dev/shoutrrr/latest/services/slack/)
* [Teams](https://containrrr.dev/shoutrrr/latest/services/teams/)
* [Telegram](https://containrrr.dev/shoutrrr/latest/services/telegram/)
* [Zulip Chat](https://containrrr.dev/shoutrrr/latest/services/zulip/)

> For a full overview of supported methods and configuration details, refer to the [Shoutrrr documentation](https://containrrr.dev/shoutrrr/latest/services/overview/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above list is accurate as of 2024-Dec.  The compete list and all configuration details are in the [Shoutrrr documentation](https://containrrr.dev/shoutrrr/latest/services/overview/).
```
